DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"Say It Ain't So, Joe!\"
Mommy, come here!
One of your flowers has died!
Mom-my!
What's the emergency?
Did one of your doll's break a nail again?
Honey...
Is everything okay?
Bye bye!
DAN: Well, here we are gang.
Sunny Kir City.
RUNO: And this is the hospital Chan told us about.
Yeah, and according to her...
Webmaster Joe should be here.
Do you guys really think Joe might be one of
Masquerade's minions?
That's what we want to find out.
If he is, then he'll have to face the wrath of Preyas!
I'll give him an uppercut to the chin
and a right to the ribs!
You do that, Preyas.
Well, I think it's time to find out what the deal is
with this creep!
Yes, here he is...
He's in room 501...
That's over in the East Wing, to your left.
Yeah, thanks lady!
Hey, hold that elevator!
Aw, come on!
Room 501...
It's not even listed!
But... that's what she said...
Hey Drago, that lady said 501, right?
Hmm? Drago?
Why in the world would Daniel abandon me like that?
Please, wait for me!
It's no use!
I should have learned the art of mobility
when I first arrived in this realm...
PREYAS: Come on soldier, look alive!
Lift those knees!
Move it, move it, move it!
One, two, one, two, one two!
Count it out!
I can't hear you, boy!
[Drago screams]
That's gotta hurt...
C'mon soldier, get your butt back up here!
Double time!
You numbskull!
Come down here and help me!
Whoa!
Where is that Drago hiding?
PREYAS: I say we forget the little waxer
and continue our quest in finding Joe!
Maybe we're in the wrong wing of the hospital.
Let's try the West Wing.
No Alice...
The receptionist said the East Wing.
It's here.
What if Dan led us to the wrong one?
Ooooh, you're right!
He's such an idiot!
I suggest...
We find Joe on our own...
[bell dings]
Bingo!
C'mon guys, it's down this way.
Looks like this is it.
WOMAN'S VOICE: Come in!
Yes... can...
Yeah ah...
is...
is this Joe's room?
Are you friends of Joe?
Yeah, well, kinda...
Joe's out for a few minutes
with his doctor...
Oh, I see...
We'll come back later.
No, please stay...
He'll be back any minute now...
Make yourselves at home!
Anyone up for some fresh cookies?
I made them this morning.
Oh wow, I'd love some!
I haven't eaten all day!
Ah... no thanks, I'm fine.
Oh please, don't be so shy...
Well, okay...
Yum, homemade chunky chocolate chip
and peanut butter!
And there's some kinda yummy nuts!
I believe those are macadamians.
I hope they're calorie free 'cause they're delish!
I don't think so...
I think I'll try one of these!
They're so tiny!
Julie, please, your manners!
Wow, yummy!
It's like so heavenly!
It's so nice to see Joe has such
wonderful friends.
Joe should be getting out of the hospital any day now,
and all he does is stare out the window
and wish he were at back at home!
So, what's Joe's prognosis?
Oh... he's fine.
He's in here for some tests...
His doctor says he just needs a little rest...
I must say, my Joe is one tough little trooper...
Ah snap, I'm tired of this!
Where'd ya go, Drago?
Is this...
what you're looking for?
-Drago! -Daniel!
I can't believe it!
Where'd ya find him?
Hey, what's the big idea, Drago?
Never take off on me again!
Excuse me, mister,
but you're the one who dropped me!
Ignore him, he's a little cranky.
I appreciate you findin' him.
But how'd ya know I was lookin' for him?
'Cause you were looking for me...
right Dan?
Then... you... must be Joe...
[laughing]
That's... me.
Ah, man, I got so many questions for you!
You wanna come up to the roof, Dan?
Ahhh, isn't this great?
I just love it up here!
And the view is awesome!
I'm not big into heights ...
Hate to change the subject, but let's...
I gotta know if you're in cahoots with that creep...
[chuckles]
I remember...
the day I found my Bakugan.
It was a day almost exactly like today.
It was right in the middle of summer...
I was here for tests and sitting on that bench
over there...
I searched the web to find out what it was.
That's when I saw kids blogging
about their battles.
Then, I created my homepage
so everyone would have a place to log on
and chat about their Bakugan brawls.
It's funny but, you were one of the first to log on.
Shun was next to visit my site, then Runo,
Marucho and Julie showed up...
You and Shun starting thinking up the rules...
You two were on fire
coming up with all regulations!
It was so simple, and completely brilliant to watch!
I didn't come all the way here to chit chat!
All I wanna know is if you're working
for Masquerade or not!
You think I'm somehow connected with Masquerade?
All I'm saying is, Masquerade seems to know
everything that the Brawlers are doing.
And because all of us only chat on your website,
it's the only way I figure he could get
that kinda information!
There's a snitch and we wanna find out who!
And I hate to be the one pointing a finger, but...
It looks like it's you, Joe...
are you the snitch?
Hey, better 'fess up now before I get mad!
Now I'm mad!
[chuckles]
[growls]
I could simply answer your question...
But that would be too easy.
Instead, I think I have a better idea.
How about...
We make it...
a little more interesting, Dan?
Are you sayin', you wanna brawl?
[\u266a]
Stick around, there's more Bakugan Battle Brawlers
right after these messages!
And now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
You wanna brawl, huh?
Well...
Yeah, let's do it!
You're on!
Field Open!
Oh wow...
this is so amazing!
Are you sayin' this is the first time
you've ever played Bakugan?
Hey!
Ya wanna battle or not?
It's better than I imagined!
It's like I'm inside a dream!
Huh?
This is really your first time then...
I'll start...
Gate Cart Set!
Huh?
Gate Card Set!
I don't care if this is your first time, Joe,
I'm gonna play to--
Bakugan Brawl!
Haos Siege... Stand!
BAKUPOD: Haos Siege enters battle at 280 Gs.
Now my turn!
Here goes!
That's so cool!
I never imagined my Seige would be so big!
Why me?
I hate rookies!
Don't let his inexperience blind you, Daniel.
This is... amazing!
This kid is...
Totally messin' up my Bakugan rhythm...
Bakugan Brawl!
Tuskor Stand!
Pyrus Tuskor!
BAKUPOD: Tuskor enters battle.
Ability Card Activate!
JOE: Nose Slap, right?
Nose Slap is an ability especially suited
for your Tuskor.
It allows a player to attack an adjacent zone.
You're going to throw it, right, Dan?
Well... yeah...
Haos Siege!
You better watch out for his Tuskor's trunk!
This dude is totally wearing on me...
Nose Slap!
That's it, Tuskor!
You keep on him!
So this is a brawl!
The colors, the sound!
Intense!
Looks like I won that one, Joe!
But that was only round one, Dan!
Now things start to get interesting!
Bakugan Brawl!
Robotallian Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Robotallian Enforcement!
BAKUPOD: Robotallian Power Level at 390 Gs.
JOE: Thanks for the update, Baku-Pod!
I like what you're puttin' down,
but watch and learn!
Bakugan Brawl!
Griffon Stand!
[loud roar]
BAKUPOD: Griffon enters battle at 350 Gs.
JOE: You purposely threw down a lower power level Bakugan
and now you're going to use
your Wing Burst Ability!
Wing Burst Ability increases your Bakugan
by 50 Gs...
while at the same time, decreases your opponent's...
by the exact same amount as your increase.
Right again, Einstein!
But just how are you gonna counter it?
Ability Card Activate!
Wing Burst!
BAKUPOD: Wing Burst Activated.
Get 'em, Griffon!
It's my turn again...
Gate Card Open!
BAKUPOD: Robotallian Power increase.
Yes, I did it!
I won my first battle!
Hey, Joe, when you're done celebrating,
can we get on with it?
Alright, here we go... Dan!
Bakugan Brawl!
Robotallian Stand!
Okay...
Time to kick it into high gear...
Okay Drago, finish this!
I shall!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
I-I can't believe it!
Is that the evolved version of the Pyrus Dragonoid
in the flesh?
Oh yeah!
This is so cool!
I've read about you Drago,
but I never thought I'd ever see you for real!
You ain't seen nothing yet, pal!
Okay Drago, time to show 'em what you got!
[growling]
Gate Card Open!
Level Down!
BAKUPOD: Drago Power Decrease detected.
What do you think, Dan?
My ability drops your Bakugan by 100 Gs...
Not bad for a rookie, huh?
Nice try, Joe!
Ability Card Activate!
Fire Tornado!
My ability lets me increase my power level
by 100 Gs
and drops my opponent's by the same amount!
BAKUPOD: Fire Tornado detected.
DRAGO: Now for the coup de gras!
Drago won was because he's evolved
to a higher power level, right?
Hey, you're smarter than you look!
Now listen up!
You lose the next battle and you have to spill it
about you and Masquerade, got it?
Yeah sure, but first you gotta win!
Bakugan...
[\u266a]
Hang in there, Joe!
You're gonna be just fine!
You'll have to wait here!
RUNO: Dan!
What's the deal?
How bad is it?
MARUCHO: Just a fainting spell.
Low blood sugar is what the doctor said.
ALICE: His mother said he wasn't supposed to
do anything that might be too strenuous...
RUNO: You were there, Dan.
What exactly happened to him when he collapsed?
We were right in the middle of a battle
and the next thing I know he's down!
Ah man...
This is all my fault.
If I knew the guy was gonna keel over,
I never would have battled him!
I just hope he's...
okay...
Hey, this isn't your fault!
Don't blame yourself, Dan...
Guys, come here and check this out...
Joe here...
and if you ever meet a player named Masquerade...
and he challenges you to a brawl,
please, just say no!
All he wants to do is send your Bakugan
to the Doom Dimension!
What is that?
It's a video I downloaded from Joe's site that he sent
to all the top players around the world.
As a warning!
Yes, then that must mean Joe isn't...
Isn't working together with Masquerade after all!
Joe is on our side!
Sheesh!
That's what I've been saying all along!
How is he?
They should know better in the morning...
I wanna know right now!
I'm gonna ask the doctors mys...
You're not going anywhere, mister!
You're gonna wait right here like everyone else!
I can't wait!
I gotta know right now!
Man, I wish there was something I could do for Joe...
All this waiting is driving me nuts!
THINKING: I must say...
my Joe is one tough little trooper.
Hey mom... morning...
How's it going?
Joe, you're all better!
It's nice to see you up and around, Joe.
We were worried about you.
Ah, it's really no big deal...
I'm ready to brawl again!
I want to feel the way I felt when I battled you, Dan...
You see, way out here in Kir City we don't have
any top ranked players.
But then you came to see me,
it was like the greatest feeling ever...
Hey, if you wanted to battle me,
you shoulda said so in the first place...
You sure didn't have to pretend you were working
for Masquerade...
Sorry about that.
Actually I should...
be the one apologizing
for even thinking something like that.
Oh yeah, I found the Infinity Core!
Yeah, I saw it in one of my dreams...
Where am I?
What are you?
Some kind of...
Bakugan?
Yes...
My name is Wavern...
Wavern?
You must never give the Infinity Core to Naga.
Huh?
The Infinity Core and the Silent Core
are the two entities
that preserve the balance of Vestroia.
The Silent Core has taken over Naga
and in order to restore balance,
the Infinity Core has taken over me.
So that means the Infinity Core is...
is within me...
Remember!
Never give the Infinity Core to Naga!
Wavern! Wait!
Whoa, some story...
Wavern is Naga's twin sister.
Hmm, interesting, but not surprising...
So, where did this Wavern disappear to, Joe?
Sorry, but she just vanished...
Ah man...
SHUN: Interesting.
This means we don't have to look for
the Infinity Core anymore.
As long as the Infinity Core stays hidden
inside Wavern...
it's another level of protection against Naga.
And that means there's one thing all of us
have to do...
Our Bakugan have to evolve
into their Ultimate form before Hydranoid!
To protect us from Naga nabbing the Infinity Core.
Boy, I sure wish I could go with you guys...
But I'm stuck in here for the next couple of days...
Don't sweat it!
From here on out you're a part of the Brawlers!
I showed everyone the cool video warning
you posted on your website!
And you're forgetting we really need you to help us
track down Wavern and the Infinity Core.
I told you you were part of the team, Joe!
It's means you're a Brawler...
forever!
I don't know what to say...
But thanks...
Welcome aboard, Joe!
Yeah...
[chuckles]
DAN THINKING: You just wait Masquerade,
we're gunning for you.
And when we find you, you're going down!
That is good news, Doctor.
Joe's good to go!
Perfect health...
In fact, he passed all his tests with flying colors!
Oh Joe!
Ah mom, please...
JOE: Now to get on with my new job...
finding Wavern!
Alice here, and on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
it's time for a little stretching
and maybe a casual stroll through town.
Wait! Who's that?
It's Christopher who hates to Bakugan Battle!
You see, his friends used to force him to play
and he'd always lose.
That left him totally bummed about Bakugan.
I mean, who would want to lose all the time?!
But I've got a plan!
What if I played him and let him win!?
But who's playing who here!?
You'll have to check it out to see!
On the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers! See you there!